# Working with time zone settings

The ThousandEyes platform offers user-configurable time zones for ThousandEyes test results, reports and report snapshots, live shares and notification emails. Time zone settings can be changed on a per-ThousandEyes user level or at an organization level.

## **Web Interface**: 

Sets the time zone for the results timelines of View pages \(test results\) and reports **for the current user only**, navigate to the **Profile** tab of the [Account Settings &gt; Users and Roles](https://app.thousandeyes.com/account-settings/users-roles/?section=profile). The settings can be changed from the **Web Interface** dropdown in Time Zone section.

IMAGE MISSING

## **Change Organization Defaults:**

Sets the time zone at an organization level \(all users\). This link is available to users having a role with the _Edit timezone settings_ permission. To configure, navigate to **Advanced Settings** tab of [Account Settings &gt; Organization Settings](https://app.thousandeyes.com/account-settings/organization-settings/?section=advanced) and below options will appear: 

IMAGE MISSING

1.  **Web UI Timezone**: Sets the time zone for the results timelines of View pages \(test results\) and reports for **all users in the Organization.**
2. **Notification & Snapshots Timezone**: Sets the time zone for share links, snapshots and alert notifications for **all users in the Organization.**

## View pages \(test results\)

Below is an example of a ThousandEyes user called Bob who has the following time zone settings:

* **Web Interface:** UTC - Coordinated Universal Time 
* **Notifications & Snapshots:** United States - Los Angeles \(PST -08:00\)

When viewing test results, Bob will have timelines in all View pages shown in UTC time zone:

IMAGE MISSING

## Share links

Share links follow the time zone selected for the **Notifications & Snapshots** setting. Since Bob's organization is using the Pacific \(PST\) time zone setting, share links generated by Bob will display results as shown below.

IMAGE MISSING

## Alert notification emails

Alert notification emails will have the Start Date and End Date per the time zone of the **Notifications & Snapshots** setting. ****Below is a screenshot of an Alert email received by Bob, display results in the Pacific \(PST\) time zone.

IMAGE MISSING

## Reports

Reports will be generated with the time zone of the **Web Interface** setting configured by the user for his/her account.

## Snapshots

Snapshots will have the the time zone of the **Notifications & Snapshots** setting. 

